Unity SDK docs, phase 2 (#212)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: docs/unity/connecting-accounts.md

Social wallets | The application opens the user's Kukai web-based wallet | Yes | No | No

Regardless of the connection method, the Tezos SDK for Unity runs the `WalletConnected` or `WalletConnectionFailed` event, as appropriate.
For more information about events, see the [Unity SDK EventManager object](./reference/EventManager).

<!-- TODO info about handshakes? -->
<!-- TODO info about persistent Beacon connections; do developers need to know where to store them? Do they put them in a database or something? -->

### QR code connections

This method generates a QR code that a user scans with their wallet application:

1. The Unity application calls the [`Wallet.Connect()`](./reference/Wallet#connect) method with the `walletProvider` parameter set to `WalletProviderType.beacon` to send a connection request to a wallet application via the [TZIP-10 protocol](https://gitlab.com/tezos/tzip/-/tree/master/proposals/tzip-10).
1. The wallet returns a handshake that includes pairing information for the wallet, which triggers the `HandshakeReceived` event.
1. From the handshake information, the SDK generates a QR code.

> The `TezosAuthenticator` prefab handles the QR code generation with the `TezosSDK.View.QRCodeView` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TezosAuthenticator` prefab handles the QR code generation with the `QrCodeGenerator` class.
```

This has been changed.
